[v8.5.6] docs: update sync-diff-inspector docs for move to tiflow repo (#20140) (#22540)
pingcap/docs: download-ecosystem-tools.md

This document describes how to download the TiDB Toolkit.

TiDB Toolkit contains frequently used TiDB tools, such as data export tool Dumpling, data import tool TiDB Lightning, backup and restore tool BR, and data consistency checker sync-diff-inspector.

> **Tip:**
>

> > - For TiDB v9.0.0 and later versions, most tools, including sync-diff-inspector, are directly available through TiUP. If your deployment environment has internet access, you can deploy a TiDB tool using a single [TiUP command](/tiup/tiup-component-management.md), so there is no need to download the TiDB Toolkit separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - For TiDB v8.5.6 and later versions, most tools, including sync-diff-inspector, are directly available through TiUP. If your deployment environment has internet access, you can deploy a TiDB tool using a single [TiUP command](/tiup/tiup-component-management.md), so there is no need to download the TiDB Toolkit separately.
```
